Hey Developers,

This section covers below sub topics

Explain the key capabilities of the data governance service 
1.a. Explain the use of Watson Knowledge Catalog in a data governance solution 
1.b. Explain the use of DataStage in a data governance solution
1.c. Explain the use of Regulatory Accelerator in a data governance solution 
 
2. Explain the different types of data governance activities 
2.a Describe the role of data protection rules and policies  
2.b Describe the role of categories, business terms, classifications, and data classes  
2.c Summarize the process to curate data 


3. Explain the capabilities enabled by a catalog 
3.a Describe the process of creating catalog artifacts  
3.b Describe the process of curating data assets  
3.c Describe how to manage workflows in Watson Knowledge Catalog  
3.d Explain how a catalog enables users to find data  
3.e Explain the options for controlling access to assets in a catalog  
3.f Explain how a catalog enables users to work with data in projects  
 
4. Describe how to use data transformation tools 
4.a Explain the differences between the data transformation tools in Cloud Pak for Data  
4.b Describe the data request process  
4.c Describe how to expose data to an analytics project  


5. Leverage the community capabilities for knowledge catalogs 
5.a Describe the benefits of building a community around a knowledge catalog  5.b Describe the importance of the review, ranking and comment capabilities provided to collaborators and users of the catalog  
5.c Describe the benefits of using multiple catalogs  
 
6. Describe the regulatory capabilities of Cloud Pak for Data 
6.a Explain the primary benefit of using the Regulatory Accelerator service  
6.b Describe the technical components used in the Regulatory Accelerator to interpret  regulations.  
6.c Explain the use case for using a Regulatory Compliance Project  
 6.d Describe the usage of a Regulatory Compliance project  
6.e List the industries that the Regulatory Accelerator can help with in a Regulatory  
 Compliance project 
6.f Describe ways to map business to regulatory terms  
6.g Explain the difference between governance and regulatory compliance  
 
7. Discuss the purpose of the Industry Accelerators
7.a  List the industries the use cases help 
7.b  List the services used by the Industry Accelerators
7.c  List what advantages an industry accelerator afford a project
7.d  Explain where to download accelerators 
7.e  Explain where to find documentation about the accelerators 
7.f  Explain how to import and deploy accelerator projects 
7.g  List the services needed to use the accelerator
7.h  List the use cases that this accelerator can be used with/for 
 
8. Identify governance options for analytics projects assets 
8.a Identify the different analytics asset types that can be added to the  governance catalogs  
8.b  Describe how to add the different types of analytics assets to the governance catalog  
